The knapsack problem is a problem in combinatorial optimization: Given a set of items, each with a weight and a value, determine the number of each item to 
include in a collection so that the total weight is less than or equal to a given limit and the total value is as large as possible.

The presented repository contains 2 python scripts, one named Generator & another named Solver. The Generator script generates a Knapsack problem. The variables
of the problem are given as arguments by the user. Generator's layout is the following: 'generator.py <Number of Items> <Max weight> <Max Value> <Sack Capacity>'
The solver python file solves the knapsack problem by using the GRASP method. The code as it is takes as an input the file named 'knapsack_20_200_100.txt' which 
generated by the generator python file. If the user wants to change the input file the line #53 needs to be modified accordingly. 

So if we want to generate a problem with 40 items, with max weight of 20, max item value of 7 and sack capacity of 100, we will need to call the generator file as 
following:  [generator.py 40 20 7 100] 
Then a file appears named 'knapsack_40_20_7_100.txt'
On the first line of the file the value 100 appears which is the sack capacity.
Now, if we want to solve the given knapsack problem, we go to the solver file and on the line 53 we replace the name knapsack_20_200_100.txt with the name
knapsack_40_20_7_100.
Then the solution of the given knapsack problem appears in the console & is also saved in the file named Output_file.txt
